MarbleRun_Quiz_1

In the Unreal Engine section of the Epic Games Launcher, where can we go to install a version of Unreal Engine 4?
The marketplace tab
The community tab
>The library tab
The learn tab

Where can we see a list of all the actors that exist in a level?
Modes tab
Content browser
Details tab
>World outliner

Which transform tool can we use to change the size of an actor in the viewport?
Translate tool.
Rotation tool.
>Scale tool.

What defines the location and rotation of the default pawn when we hit Play and the game starts?
The transform of the floor static mesh actor in the level.
The event begin play, in the level blueprint.
>The transform of the player start actor in the level.


In the action menu, what category can we find keyboard events under?
Utilities
Add Event
>Input
---
MarbleRun_Quiz_2

When affecting a transform of a static mesh actor using blueprints, how can we prevent it from unexpectedly launching other actors that are simulating physics?
Add a delay before changing the actors transform.
>Teleport the physics state of the static mesh actor. {there is a checkbox for transform on "AddActorWorldRotation"
Stop simulating physics on the other actors that are simulating physics.

By default, how often does Event Tick execute?
Every minute
Every second
>Every frame
Every 30 seconds

How can we apply the X mouse input to the current roll rotation of an actor, before re-setting the actor rotation?
Multiply the mouse x value by the current roll of the actor.
Divide the mouse x value by the current roll of the actor.
Add the mouse x value to the current pitch of the actor.
>Add the mouse x value to the current roll of the actor

Which way is NOT the best way to change the shape of a BSP brush?
Changing the shape using the X, Y, Z values in brush shape section of the details tab.
>Using the scale transform tool in the viewport.
Geometry editing mode.

Where can we customise and apply different types of collision models to a static mesh?
In the viewport
In the details tab
>In the static mesh window editor
In the level blueprint
---
MarbleRun_Quiz_3

How do we make sure that a static mesh executes an overlap event on a box trigger?
>We need to select the static mesh in the viewport, then on the details panel check: Generate Overlap Events.
The volume of the box trigger needs to be larger than the static mesh.
Make sure that the box trigger is not colliding with any other actors.

Why convert a float to text, before converting it to a string?
>Because the "to text" function allows us to chop down the floats fractional value.
Because the float needs to be text before converted to a string.
Because otherwise the blueprint will not compile.

With blueprint nodes selected, what is the hotkey for adding comment sections?
S
X
R
>C
